apps sc: s3 number of objects alert (#1295)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Added templating for wc Velero bucket prefix.
- Network policies for `csi-cinder`, `csi-upcloud`, `metrics-server` and `snapshot-controller`.
- Added alert for less kubelets than nodes in the cluster.

> - Added alert for the number of objects in a bucket as it excist on different providers and also are different on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added alert for the number of objects in a bucket as it exists on different providers and also are different on them.
```

> - Added alert for the number of objects in a bucket as it exists on different providers and also are different on them.

Reviewer 2: Weird sentence.

> - Added alert for number of objects limits in buckets as they exists on different providers and also are different on them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added alert for object limits in bucket
	- Limits: size and object count.
	- Consult with your cloud provider for specific s3 limits.
```
